Spark: Add docs describing RPC and TLS configuration (#220)
kudobuilder/frameworks: repository/spark/docs/latest/security.md

20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO CoarseGrainedExecutorBackend: Successfully registered with driver
...
```
6) Verify the network encryption:

- Attach to the driver pod:

```bash
$ kubectl exec -it spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-driver bash
```
- Use `ngrep` tool to monitor the traffic on `7078` port: 
```bash
$ ngrep port 7078
```
```
interface: eth0 (10.244.0.0/255.255.255.0)
filter: ( port 7078 ) and ((ip || ip6) || (vlan && (ip || ip6)))
#
T 10.244.0.104:46480 -> 10.244.0.103:7078 [AP] #1
  uVx....."....Qn.0....z|.4-..N.+.(E.yU..;.....5.V..e..t_L.....T....9....Zcj/A..;...7.S.....X.7.7+..Nd..x...1.Qg0D.d...vV...P V....7....\._lgi...*.#]..i..8.\...+Tu/.H.Wx*..=o.....I.K.,.....g...@:...8.;...Q...
  .$.D..&...P.@R...I.s.M..`.oAn'.I...g.p..=....$............b.....O.|..v..:X..!H.Fot.....r83.....-Y..,X..W.......PC.....

```

### TLS configuration

Spark allows to configure TLS for Spark web endpoints, such as Spark UI and Spark History Server UI.
To get more information about SSL configuration in Spark , refer to the [Spark documentation](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/security.html#ssl-configuration).

Here are the steps required to configure TLS for `SparkApplication`:

> 1) Create a `Secret` containing all the sensitive data (passwords and key-stores):

Reviewer: Does it make sense to add a sentence about how to create a keystone/trustore and add existing TLS keys to it?

Author: yes, definitely! added a note with a relevant link

Security
---

### Securing Spark RPC communication

Spark supports authentication for RPC channels (protocol between Spark processes), which allows secure 
communication between driver and executors and also adds a possibility to enable network encryption between Spark processes.
For more information refer to the [official Spark documentation](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/security.html#encryption).

#### Authentication and encryption
To enable authentication for RPC, the following configuration is required:
```
# enable authentication for internal connections
spark.authenticate  true  

# the secret key, used for authentication. Must be configured on each of the nodes.          
spark.authenticate.secret  spark-secret
```
If you want to set up the encryption for RPC connections, you can enable it by setting `spark.network.crypto.enabled` to `true`.
Spark authentication must be enabled for encryption to work.
Additional configuration properties can be found in Spark documentation.

The example below describes how to set up authentication and encryption for `SparkApplication` on Kubernetes.

> Also, it shows how to provide a custom `log4j.properties` to change the logging strategy.

Reviewer: I think that logging example deserves a separate section in more generic configuration docs - it looks a bit confusing in the security section.

Author: moved to a separate section under `Submitting Spark Applications`

20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO CoarseGrainedExecutorBackend: Successfully registered with driver
...
```
6) Verify the network encryption:

- Attach to the driver pod:

```bash
$ kubectl exec -it spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-driver bash
```
- Use `ngrep` tool to monitor the traffic on `7078` port: 
```bash
$ ngrep port 7078
```
```
interface: eth0 (10.244.0.0/255.255.255.0)
filter: ( port 7078 ) and ((ip || ip6) || (vlan && (ip || ip6)))
#
T 10.244.0.104:46480 -> 10.244.0.103:7078 [AP] #1
  uVx....."....Qn.0....z|.4-..N.+.(E.yU..;.....5.V..e..t_L.....T....9....Zcj/A..;...7.S.....X.7.7+..Nd..x...1.Qg0D.d...vV...P V....7....\._lgi...*.#]..i..8.\...+Tu/.H.Wx*..=o.....I.K.,.....g...@:...8.;...Q...
  .$.D..&...P.@R...I.s.M..`.oAn'.I...g.p..=....$............b.....O.|..v..:X..!H.Fot.....r83.....-Y..,X..W.......PC.....

```

### TLS configuration

Spark allows to configure TLS for Spark web endpoints, such as Spark UI and Spark History Server UI.
To get more information about SSL configuration in Spark, refer to the [Spark documentation](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/security.html#ssl-configuration).

Here are the steps required to configure TLS for `SparkApplication`:

> **Note:** keystores must be provided in order to proceed with TLS setup. Keystores can be generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** TLS setup requires a Keystore (a database of cryptographic keys, X.509 certificate chains, and trusted certificates) to be provided. To generate a Keystore, follow the [official documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/10/tools/keytool.htm) for `keytool` which is a key and certificate management utility shipped with JDK.
```

> using [keytool](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/10/tools/keytool.htm) program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Security
---

### Securing Spark RPC communication

Spark supports authentication for RPC channels (protocol between Spark processes), which allows secure 
communication between driver and executors and also adds a possibility to enable network encryption between Spark processes.
For more information refer to the [official Spark documentation](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/security.html#encryption).

#### Authentication and encryption
To enable authentication for RPC, the following configuration is required:
```
# enable authentication for internal connections
spark.authenticate  true  

# the secret key, used for authentication. Must be configured on each of the nodes.          
spark.authenticate.secret  spark-secret
```

> If you want to set up the encryption for RPC connections, you can enable it by setting `spark.network.crypto.enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable encryption for RPC connections, `spark.network.crypto.enabled` configuration property should be set to `true`.
```

    "spark.scheduler.minRegisteredResourcesRatio": "1.0"
    "spark.authenticate": "true"
    "spark.network.crypto.enabled": "true"
    "spark.executorEnv.JAVA_TOOL_OPTIONS": >-
      -Dspark.authenticate=true
      -Dspark.network.crypto.enabled=true
  sparkVersion: 2.4.4
  sparkConfigMap: spark-conf-map
  restartPolicy:
    type: Never
  driver:
    cores: 1
    memory: "512m"
    labels:
      version: 2.4.4
    serviceAccount: <service-account>
    env:
      - name: SPARK_AUTHENTICATE_SECRET
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef:
            key: secret
            name: spark-secret
  executor:
    cores: 1
    instances: 1
    memory: "512m"
    labels:
      version: 2.4.4
    env:
      - name: _SPARK_AUTH_SECRET
        valueFrom:
          secretKeyRef:
            key: secret
            name: spark-secret
    javaOptions: "-Dlog4j.configuration=file:/etc/spark/conf/log4j.properties"
```

This will create a test job, which emulates a long-running task. 
Secrets are injected into Spark pods via specific environment variables: `SPARK_AUTHENTICATE_SECRET` and `_SPARK_AUTH_SECRET` 
for driver and executor, respectively.

> 4) Check out the logs of the running pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4) Check logs of the running pods:
```

```bash
$ kubectl logs spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-driver -f
``` 

> 5) You should see the records similar to the snippets below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) The logs should contain auth-related messages similar to the ones in snippets below:
```

20/02/07 16:13:07 DEBUG AuthEngine: Generated key with 1024 iterations in 4715 us.
20/02/07 16:13:08 DEBUG AuthEngine: Generated key with 1024 iterations in 2144 us.
20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO TransportClientFactory: Successfully created connection to spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-1581091973687-driver-svc.default.svc/10.244.0.103:7078 after 115 ms (110 ms spent in bootstraps)
20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO DiskBlockManager: Created local directory at /var/data/spark-bf7a16fc-7b43-41e2-a76f-bf9ea101afc1/blockmgr-20a055fa-ac87-4eaa-a101-e1174f642e69
20/02/07 16:13:08 DEBUG DiskBlockManager: Adding shutdown hook
20/02/07 16:13:08 DEBUG ShutdownHookManager: Adding shutdown hook
20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO MemoryStore: MemoryStore started with capacity 117.0 MB
20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO CoarseGrainedExecutorBackend: Connecting to driver: spark://CoarseGrainedScheduler@spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-1581091973687-driver-svc.default.svc:7078
20/02/07 16:13:08 INFO CoarseGrainedExecutorBackend: Successfully registered with driver
...
```
6) Verify the network encryption:

> - Connect to the driver pod:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attach to the driver pod:
```

```bash
$ kubectl exec -it spark-rpc-auth-enctryption-app-driver bash
```

> - Using `ngrep` tool, you can monitor the traffic on `7078` port: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `ngrep` tool to monitor the traffic on `7078` port: 
```

  ..F...n'p.<.y.?..c|7...$sg...w....~h..@p.#a..>\rx......R......TJc.....a.yXr..j.d.oJ.eIT.8.&.,....6......:.(K.07B..#CI}..,.:.t......F..j.2..`[D.73... .w.M......V...f..2.b....G.5%.....;.....P.9..}....?61:....
  .e..C............+..(..Rc9...V...D#R.k....D.%....5."...DT........LdkI.....b8..k....h.].T.}EL...M.|e...K....9..E.mfR.0.....-..2..5.....pFN..o....}.U%:..oG_4...D.e.U.us...&...g.Q...U.?..~h..(V...-.g.....R....
  .xOe.?..V.!....8s.........H.L..6_`..*j.n..5.y.$cv.[ 6K..F....D0.e....+..:v.*....."......k"..R.E.Ha;......1...GS.j.Cl].Hm.q..l...x)`.d.{....-#.A.7...1...J.p.,....Tik.U$-..Y..O.*.MK.......:.R...5..)..{EK..r..
  ..3..L.T.,>#...g.$..P...@..y.-.&.f.<7...:i..M.....)....S..y...z....vm ..R....S..<..........g{......B&.......]-..m                                                                                             
##
T 10.244.0.103:7078 -> 10.244.0.104:46480 [AP] #3
  ..<-.I2.p...I.B?e..`>.1..?5...&j.<......q...2o..r}.9.h.3.....V.G@TUI...Oty....b.'......e:...O.L.YK....                                                                                                        
##

> ```

Reviewer: does it make sense to cut this output a bit and save some doc space?
